Tony hates it now sure Sub Zero Harm say
what it'll hold on mom
yeah I take what we don't see you
outside yeah I got it some salt curry
it's all right you deceitful I testing
oh boy you can be no more they put some
decorative us all the time whether the
actress out see how high must be Adam Oh
son I think negative technique it won't
take down a whole so it so it is always
fun where you very much Lisa they need
higher come to my teeth you got the
clear title I will try I cannot see the
whole they know that's how fun so they
saw like I guess I'll see you on so it's
on see you are Moody
[Applause]
so when I told me it cannot even be easy
do you want a coffee what they say about
sunlight by York I see the poison that
it's an item so I'm associate have told
a man body is at war say do you see
so the air so we have time ago
[Applause]
also at the air
yes Adama I type volcanoes on the end
because a video shows power lines are
also followed idea for before quietly I
got